
Date: 17th Sep. 2015

The following statements apply to Open MCL (Open Minecraft Launcher) 
in version 0.0.1.

You can find copies of all licenses mentioned here in the folder
'licenses'.




The software Open MCL is licensed under GPLv3 see gpl-3.0.txt in 
folder doc/licenses.


THIRDPARTY LICENSES
===================
Open MCL makes use of thirdparty libraries as mentioned in the 
following subsections.


Minecraft Libraries
-------------------
Open MCL makes use of the following libraries of Minecraft 
(http://minecraft.net) by Mojang (http://mojang.com). 

1. Bootstrap library (Minecraft.jar) which is responsible
   to upgrade and start the Minecraft launcher.
 
2. Launcher library (launcher.jar) which is responsible to 
   install, update, configure and launch the Minecraft game 
   client.
 
Both are not bundled with Open MCL and not redistributed by us. 
On request of the user the Open MCL will download those libraries
from the official Minecraft sources and link to it at runtime.

Open MCL does not modify the code of those libraries. Both 
libraries are basically employed for the purposes mentioned above.

The way we are using the Minecraft assets complies with the 
statements of the Minecraft End User License Agreement 
(Minecraft-EULA.txt) and the associated "Guidelines for the name, 
brand and assets of any of our games" (Minecraft-Guidelines.txt) 
by Mojang.
  

Minecraft Forge Installer Library
---------------------------------
Forge (http://files.minecraftforge.net/) provides a standardised 
modding API to several Minecraft mods in the Life in the Woods 
Renaissance mod-pack. 

Open MCL makes use of the Forge installer library to install 
Forge. The library is downloaded on demand and linked at runtime 
to the Launcher in order to install Forge. 

Forge is licensed under the Forge Public License 1.0
(Forge-Public-License-1.0.txt).


JNBT
----
jnbt (http://sourceforge.net/projects/jnbt/) is a library to
access Minecraft NBT files. It is derived from the Minecraft
AnvilConverter and has its own open source like license
(see JNBT-LICENSE.TXT). 


